Attendees: Rishi, Hunter, Ethan, Mia, Henry, Andy

Meeting 4 (2/16/23)

Next Meeting: Monday (2/19/23)

Today we went tested out the program to make sure the main functionality worked, which it did. 

Things left to do: Add better visuals, Fix formatting issues, Add more user options

Delegation:

- Hunter: waitUntil functions in main, optimizing main.rb code (help with table)
- Rishi: Better visuals for Table
- Mia: TBD
- Ethan: Better visuals for Header
- Henry: campus function (have done by saturday)
- Andy: department function (have done by saturday)

GOAL: 
    Try to have everything done by Monday

REMINDERS:
    Make sure to create a branch for whatever code you are working on. If you feel comfortable merging 
    go for it, if not we can do that together next meeting. 
    Inform the chat whenever code gets pushed to avoid merge conflicts.